Feat(KO): Architecture (#3896)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/operator/reference/architecture.md

            GW[Gateway]
            Routes["HTTPRoute / GRPCRoute<br/>TCPRoute / UDPRoute"]
            DP["Data plane<br/>({{site.base_gateway}}, DB-less)"]
            S[Upstream services]
        end

        GWConfig -.->|parametersRef| GWClass
        GWClass -.->|gatewayClassName| GW
        K <-->|Watch CRD events| KO
        Routes -->|Watched & translated| KO
        KO -->|Deploys| DP
        KO -->|mTLS config sync| DP
        DP -->|Proxy traffic| S
    end

    Client([Client]) --> DP
{% endmermaid %}
<!--vale on-->

{{site.operator_product_name}} watches for `GatewayClass` resources with `spec.controllerName: konghq.com/gateway-operator`. For each `Gateway` associated with such a `GatewayClass`, {{site.operator_product_name}}:

1. Starts an in-memory {{site.kic_product_name}} instance to act as the control plane for that `Gateway`. This isn't a separately deployed Pod; it runs embedded inside the {{site.operator_product_name}} process.
2. Deploys a data plane: a {{site.base_gateway}} instance running in DB-less mode.
3. Continuously pushes routing configuration from the in-memory {{site.kic_product_name_short}} to the data plane over mTLS via the Admin API.

> Routing rules are defined using Gateway API resources (`HTTPRoute`, `GRPCRoute`, `TCPRoute`, `UDPRoute`). The embedded {{site.kic_product_name_short}} instance translates these into Kong configuration and syncs them to the data plane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{site.operator_product_name}} defines the routing rules using Gateway API resources (`HTTPRoute`, `GRPCRoute`, `TCPRoute`, `UDPRoute`). The embedded {{site.kic_product_name_short}} instance translates these into Kong configuration and syncs them to the data plane.
```

Use a `GatewayConfiguration` resource, referenced via `GatewayClass.spec.parametersRef`, to customize the data plane container image, environment variables, and other deployment settings.

> To deploy multiple isolated gateways (for example, a public-facing and a private internal gateway), create a `GatewayConfiguration`, `GatewayClass`, and `Gateway` for each. Each `Gateway` results in one embedded {{site.kic_product_name_short}} instance (within the same {{site.operator_product_name}} Pod) and one separate data plane deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy multiple isolated gateways (for example, a public-facing and a private internal gateway), create a `GatewayConfiguration`, `GatewayClass`, and `Gateway` for each. Each `Gateway` results in:
- One embedded {{site.kic_product_name_short}} instance (within the same {{site.operator_product_name}} Pod).
- One separate data plane deployment.
```
